coming up next it's a light heavyweight
showcase between janja and the sweet
Alexander the mauler Gustafsson
ladies gentlemen this fight is free
ground you can see
anyway division introducing clothes
of mixed martial artists standing 6 feet
5 inches tall to ride a home
introducing his opponent
look see dude minor standing six feet
four inches tall weighing 205
prashanta
ha
the action begins our referee in charge
of the Octagon
Mario Yamasaki our referee for this
white heavyweight matchup what's going
on everybody it's the man of the hour
qjb aka Cleveland I got this UFC demo
fight yes you see I'm on the UFC demo
and I have to say this game looks
amazing it plays amazing as you see
right now I'm John Jones I downloaded it
early this morning on the Xbox one and I
hopped right in to play the game you
know what I'm saying so when you first
start they make you go through a
tutorial I went through it pretty
quickly but I had no idea how in-depth
this game was all the different moves
you can pull off there are several
different strikes grapples counters
blocks all kinds of stuff so it's gonna
take me a while to get used to this game
as you see I'm on the ground but I get
off of that I get him on for me and he
went for the crazy what is the flying
punch I don't even know he's going hand
now he's trying to knock you boy out but
I'm not trying to have it so I really am
enjoying this game so far like I said
but this is just the demo I can't wait
to play the full version and I'm
probably gonna go ahead and buy it folks
I'm gonna probably go ahead and reserve
it pick it up because I am having fun on
the demo like I said and it's very
realistic and I think they even had like
a career mode that you can go through a
creative players I knock him down he's
down I didn't even know how to get on
top of him cause if needed and finish
him off but I knocked Alexander down I
was gonna try to go for the knockout
look at that move right there I don't
even know how I pulled that off but
there were some crazy moves on this game
like I was saying so make sure you do go
check out the demo it's awesome of
course it's free I got mine on the Xbox
one
early this morning like I said I'm not
sure if it's on ps4 yet look at me
getting taken down I gotta try to get up
I can't tap out tap out I don't want to
tap out folks
I can't tap out so I'm coming back
strong again John Jones is a Belize I'm
trying to get the knockout here in round
1 can I pull it off it's getting intense
it's crazy how the crowds are lived in
the world's the Ignite engine from EA is
definitely in full effect on this game
I'm really feeling it you know it's
crazy everything feels realistic I'm
having a
time all the hits are real he's trying
to take me down again that's not gonna
happen as you see we're trade and blows
back and forth he hit me with a kick to
the midsection I'm coming back with a
few more punches look at me a kick to
the head he's dazed and I'm going in
with the knee gonna walk out of here
with a jab yeah make sure you try this
out and always bounce that neck
that caused the knocked out absolutely
perfect technique and massive amount of
force behind that knee
great angle here right on the button
Bruce Buffer
has the official decision ladies